Announcer: PREVIOUSLY ON
NIP/TUCK...
>> YOU LOOK GOOD.
>> I FOUND SOMETHING THAT I KNOW
CAN HELP ME.
> > WHAT?
>> SCIENTOLOGY.
>> I WANT TO DO AN OPERATION
ON THE BABY. IT MAY TAKE
MULTIPLE SURGERIES. I CANT
KNOW THAT YET, BUT I WANT TO
DO IT SOON.
>> OK.
DO IT, SEAN.
[LOUD MUSIC PLAYS]
STUCK OUT IN A CROWD
HE HAD THE KIND OF BODY
THAT WOULD SHAME ADONIS
AND A FACE THAT WOULD MAKE
MEN CRY
OH WHAT WOW
HES THE GREATEST DANCER
THAT IVE EVER SEEN
OH WHAT WOW
HES THE GREATEST DANCER
THAT IVE EVER SEEN
>> LIKE MY NEW BABY?
230 GRAND.
SPOILS OF THE SOIL, MY FRIEND.
[LAUGHING]
450 HORSE.
TOP SPEED OF 192 PER HOUR.
MULTI POINTS, FUEL INJECTION
AND A COLOR TV IN THE BACK
SO I NEVER MISS AN EPISODE
OF OPRAH.
>> I PICKED UP A NEW SET OF
WHEELS MYSELF.
>> OH, YEAH.
60 MILES TO THE GALLON.
AND I CAN DRIVE IT IN THE
CARPOOL LANE. CHECK THIS OUT.
>> I HAD IT INSTALLED THIS
MORNING. PRE'ITY GREAT, HUH?
> > YEAH, NERVOUS?
>> THIRD TIMES A CHARM.
WERE HYPER PREPARED THIS TIME.
NO SURPRISES.
WHICH IS WHY I WANT YOU TO
HAVE THIS FOR WHEN JULIAS
WATER BREAKS.
YOU WERE THERE FOR MATI' AND
ANNIES BIRTH. ITS A
MCNAMARA FAMILY TRADITION.
CALL MY CELL PHONE.
BEEPERS ARE FOR PLUMBERS
AND DRUG DEALERS.
>> YOU NEVER ANSWER YOUR PHONE.
>> THE LINE ON MY JACKETS
RUINED, SEAN.
>> LOOK, CHRISTIAN, I NEED TO
TAKE CARE OF JULIA DURING THE
BIRTH. ALAN B IS ADEQUATE, BUT
I WANT A DOCTOR THERE I
CAN TRUST. IN CASE THERE ARE
ANY COMPLICATIONS.
>> OK.
OH WHAT WOW
HES THE GREATEST DANCER
>> WHATS SO FUNNY, LADIES?
>> LINDA. ARE YOU BLUSHING?
Woman: OOH...OOH..OOH, ROLL
OVER, I WANT TO SPANK YOUR ASS.
OH, YEAH...OH, YEAH.
YEAH, I WANT EVERY INCH OF
YOU, BABY.
HERE WE GO, HERE WE GO,
HERE WE GO. OH, YEAH.
TOUCHDOWN, BABY. TOUCHDOWN.
TOUCHDOWN, BABY! YEAH, BABY!
>> GIVE ME MORE. GIVE IT TO ME.
>> CHRISTIAN, IS THAT YOU?
>> I CAN GO ALL NIGHT.
IM A GODDAMN GIANT!
>> WHERE THE HELL DID YOU
GET THIS?
>> LOOKS LIKE YOU SCREWED OVER
ONE AV NERD TOO MANY, HOT PANTS.
THIS WAS POSTED ON "YOU TUBE"
YESTERDAY. ITS GONE VIRAL IN
THE LAST 24 HOURS.
YOUR FAT ASS HAS BEEN
DOWN LOADED 6,000 TIMES,
CHRISTIAN. [LAUGHING]
>> THIS IS BULLSHIT.
>> ITS ALSO ILLEGAL. YOU COULD
SUE. THIS IS AN INVASION OF
PRIVACY.
>> I DONT GIVE A SHIT ABOUT
THAT. LEAKED SEX TAPES ARE
GOLD, BUT LOOK AT THE ANGLE
SHES GOT ON TUMMY, I LOOK LIKE
JABBA THE HUT.
Christian: LOOK AT ME!
Woman: IM LOOKING AT YOU!
Christian: LOOK AT ME...
>> THE CAMERA DOES ADD
15 POUNDS.
>> SAY IM THE HOTTEST PIECE
OF ASS YOU EVER HAD.
>> YOURE THE HOTTEST, SEXIEST
PIECE OF ASS IVE EVER HAD!
>> YEAH!
Woman: YEAH!
OH, YEAH...
> > WHAT?
>> IM GONNA GO WASH IT OFF,
BABY.
>> OK, BABY. OOH, YEAH...
WHEW!
>> HOLY SHIT.
IS THAT MY ASS?
MAKE ME BEAUTIFUL
MAKE ME
THE PERFECT SOUL
THE PERFECT MIND
THE PERFECT FACE
THE PERFECT
EYES
[HEAW SIGH]
>> IS THIS A STRETCH MARK?
> > ITS NOTHING.
YOU DIDNT GET STRETCH MARKS
WITH MAT!" OR ANNIE, WHY WORRY
ABOUT EM NOW?
>> I WASNT 40 WHEN I HAD THEM.
>> LET ME DO IT. IM NOT GONNA
LET YOU HAVE ALL THE FUN.
>> DONT FORGET TO BE HOME
EARLY. WE HAVE THE INTERVIEWS
WITH THE NURSES LINDA
RECOMMENDED.
>> OF COURSE. THOSE JOBS WILL
HAVE TO WAIT.
THIS IS MY PRIORITY RIGHT NOW.
>> DO YOU THINK ITS TOO EARLY
TO BE HIRING A NIGHT NURSE?
>> THERES ONE THING I LEARNED
FROM HAVING 2 KIDS ALREADY,
ITS THAT THEY DONT GIVE OUT
PARENTING MEDALS FOR BEING UP
ALL NIGHT.
>> HIS CONDITION IS GONNA BE
CHALLENGING, JULIA.
THE ONLY WAY WERE GONNA BE
ABLE TO HANDLE IT IS IF WE HIT
THE GROUND RUNNING.
>> SAY IT.
>> THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
>> WHATS THE DIFFERENCE?
YOU SAY IT 10 TIMES A DAY.
>> TELL ME WHAT YOU DONT LIKE
ABOUT YOURSELF.
>> ID LIKE YOU TO DO SOME LIPO
ON MY MIDSECTION.
>> YOURE OVERREACTING.
>> MY IMPERFECTIONS, WHILE
SLIGHT, HAVE BEEN BROADCAST FOR
THE WHOLE WORLD TO SEE, SEAN.
NOW I HAVE A STRONG EGO, BUT
WHEN A WHOLE CITY STARTS
LOOKING AT YOU AS IF YOURE
FLAWED, ITS HARD NOT TO START
BELIEVING.
I WENT TO A CLUB LAST NIGHT.
I COULD FEEL EVERYBODYS EYES
LOOKING AT MY...STOMACH.
>> CHRISTIAN, THIS IS CLASSIC
BODY DYSMORPHIC DISORDER.
LOOK AT YOURSELF IN THE MIRROR.
YOU ARE A MODEL OF PHYSICAL
PERFECTION.
>> I KNOW, BUT I CAN BE BETI'ER.
I KNOW I CAN. WOULD YOU TELL
A MILLIONAIRE TO STOP MAKING
MONEY?
>> DO YOU SAY THAT HOTTEST
PIECE OF ASS LINE EVERY TIME
YOU HAVE SEX?
> > PRE'I'I'Y MUCH.
FINE, IF YOU DONT DO IT FOR
ME, THEN DO IT FOR THE BUSINESS.
PLASTIC SURGEONS CANT BE FAT.
THERES AN EPIDEMIC OF OBESITY
IN THIS COUNTRY,
AND ITS OUR JOB TO EXEMPLIFY
A HEALTHY ALTERNATIVE.
>> PASSING ON THE KEY LIME PIE
OR THAT SECOND BO'I'I'LE OF MERLOT
MIGHT BE A MORE REASONABLE WAY
TO SET AN EXAMPLE.
>> DIET?
>> YEAH.
>> IS THAT WHAT WE TELL THE
20 PEOPLE A WEEK WHO COME IN
HERE LOOKING TO GET THEIR
SPARE TIRE SUCKED UP?
NO, SEAN. WERE IN THE QUICK
FIX BIZ.
I WENT THROUGH THE VIDEO A FEW
MORE TIMES, AND IVE IDENTIFIED
THESE AS MY PROBLEM AREAS.
>> I SAW THE VIDEO, TOO.
I THINK ITS YOUR ASS YOU SHOULD
BE MARKING UP.
>> JUST PUT ME ON THE BOOKS.
>> HOW CAN YOU DO THIS TO ME
RIGHT NOW?
>> DO WHAT?
>> IM HAVING A HANDICAPPED SON
IN A FEW DAYS. HOW CAN YOU
STAND IN FRONT OF ME AND BE
SO SUPERFICIAL?
>> WELL, IM SORRY. I GUESS I
THOUGHT YOU WERE DOING OK.
I MEAN, YOU SEE SO ON TOP OF
EVERYTHING.
IF YOU NEED TO TALK, IM HERE
FOR YOU.
>> NO, IM FINE.
ITS JUST, THERES STILL A LOT
TO DO.
I JUST THINK YOU SHOULD CALL
YOUR TRAINER BEFORE YOU CALL
YOUR DOCTOR.
LETS GO
>> 15, 16...YOU KNOW, THIS
WOULD BE A LOT EASIER IF YOU
CAME TO SEE ME MORE OFTEN.
>> CANDY, IM A PLASTIC SURGEON.
I DONT HAVE TIME TO COME DOWN
HERE AND SWEAT AT THE OLDIES
5 TIMES A WEEK.
MODELS AND ACTORS.
NOTHING BUT TIME TO WORK OUT
AND JERK OFF LOOKING AT
THEMSELVES IN THE MIRROR.
>> ACTUALLY, HES NOT AN ACTOR.
THATS DR. MIKE EMWAY.
HES A PLASTIC SURGEON, TOO.
>> COME ON. 19...
COME ON, UP, UP!
ALL RIGHT.
>> YOU STARING AT MY DICK?
>> NO, IM CHECKING OUT
YOUR ASS.
>> DR. CHRISTIAN TROY.
>> DR. MIKE EMWAY.
MCNAMARA/TROY, RIGHT?
>> YOU HEARD OF US, HUH?
>> YEAH. YOU GUYS WERE FRONT
PAGE NEWS FOR AWHILE.
AND I SAW YOUR VIDEO.
SERIOUSLY, THOUGH, ITS AN
HONOR TO MEET YOU. YOU GUYS
WERE THE FIRST PLACE IN TOWN
TO MIX PLASTIC SURGERY WITH
STYLE. YOU PAVED THE WAY,
MY BROTHER.
>> HOW THINGS AT YOUR PRACTICE?
>> TOO BIG. JUST HAD TO HIRE
TWO NEW ASSOCIATES. AND WERE
THINKING OF TAKING ON A THIRD
NEXT MONTH. ILL TELL YOU,
CHRISTIAN, THIS TOWN IS FILTHY
WITH MALAKAS WHO WILL
PAY THE BIG BUCKS
TO LOOK HALF AS GOOD AS
WE DO.
>> LET ME ASK YOU SOMETHING.
HOW DO YOU GET THAT, UH,
DELINEATION IN THE ABS THERE?
IVE BEEN DOING A THOUSAND
CRUNCHES A WEEK, AND I CANT
SEEM TO GET MINE TO POP LIKE
THAT.
>> I DONT EAT.
SERIOUSLY.
I HAVE PROTEIN SHAKES FOR
BREAKFAST AND LUNCH, AND A
LIGHT DINNER. AND NO REFINED
SUGARS. AND IM IN HERE
EVE RY DAY.
>> HOW DO YOU FIND THE TIME?
>> WELL, THE HOUR YOU SPEND
WATCHING SPORTS CENTER, IM IN
HERE. DURING YOUR 45 MINUTE
LUNCH AT JOES STONE CRAB,
IM JOGGING DOWN THE STRAND.
GO'I'I'A MAKE THE SACRIFICES.
>> SACRIFICES?
YOURE A GODDAMN PHYSICAL
TERRORIST.
>> BUT I DONT HAVE TO WAIT TO
GET INTO HEAVEN TO SCREW
40 VIRGINS. LOOK, THING IS,
IM 33. YOUR BASAL METABOLIC
RATE SLOWS DOWN 10 PERCENT
EVERY DECADE AFI'ER 30.
NOW YOU LOOK GREAT FOR YOUR AGE.
BUT ITS NEXT TO IMPOSSIBLE
FOR YOU TO LOOK LIKE ME.
NOT NATURALLY. HEY, ITS NICE
MEETING YOU, HUH?
AH, FREAK OUT
LE FREAK, CEST CHIC
FREAK OUT
AH, FREAK OUT
LE FREAK, CEST CHIC
FREAK OUT
AH, FREAK OUT
>> WHY THE HELL HAVENT YOU
RETURNED ANY OF MY CALLS?
>> I DIDNT KNOW YOU
WORKED OUT HERE.
>> IVE BEEN TRYING TO GET
A HOLD OF YOU FOR A WEEK, MATI'Y.
>> IM KIND OF BUSY.
>> DOING WHAT? HANDING OUT
LEAFLETS AT AIRPORTS WITH
HARE KIMBER?
>> YOU SEE, THATS WHY I DONT
WANT TO TALK TO YOU, MAN.
YOURE AN SP.
>> GODDAMN IT, IM NOT
SUPERFICIAL.
>> NO. SUPPRESSIVE PERSONALITY.
THATS SOMEONE THAT KEEPS YOU
FROM BEING YOUR TRUE SELF.
REALIZING YOUR FULL POTENTIAL.
>> WHO TOLD YOU THAT, THE
SELF HELP FAIRY?
> > NO. KIMBER.
SHES GOT A LOT MORE TO HER
THAN YOU THINK, MAN.
>> TRUST ME, SLICK. I KNOW
EVERY INCH OF THAT WOMAN.
SHES NOTHING MORE THAN A
BLEACHED BLONDE VAMPIRE, AND YOU
NEED TO STAY THE HELL AWAY
FROM HER.
WAIT. MATI'Y, MA'I'I'Y, MA'I'I'Y, WAIT.
COME ON.
AFI'ER EVERYTHING YOUVE BEEN
THROUGH, YOURE VULNERABLE
RIGHT NOW. THATS ALL. KIMBER
FEEDS OFF THAT. YOU CAN TAKE
MY WORD FOR IT.
>> SINCE WHEN DID YOU BECOME
THE MORAL AUTHORITY?
ALL YOU CARE ABOUT IS WOMEN,
HOW TO ABUSE THEM, AND MAYBE
FLASHY CARS.
LOOK, I JUST CANT HAVE YOU IN
MY LIFE RIGHT NOW.
>> ALL RIGHT. HOW LONG IS THIS
GOING TO LAST?
>> UNTIL I DECIDE.
>> IM GETTING MY NURSING
DEGREE AT BERRY. THATS WHY
I MOVED DOWN FROM AKRON.
>> AND HAVE YOU WORKED WITH
HANDICAPPED CHILDREN BEFORE?
>> I PREFER HANDICAPABLE.
THE CHILD DOESNT THINK THERES
ANYTHING WRONG WITH HIM.
ITS JUST THE WAY LIFE IS.
I HOPE ITS OK, BUT WHEN
NURSE LINDA TOLD ME OF YOUR
CHILDS CONDITION, I DID SOME
RESEARCH. I ASSUME, AS A
PLASTIC SURGEON, YOULL BE
PERFORMING THE RECONSTRUCT IVE
SURGERIES ON HIM.
>> THATS RIGHT.
>> WELL, IM VERY COMFORTABLE
ADMINISTERING MEDICATIONS AND
CHANGING BANDAGES. NOW POOPY
DIAPERS, THATS ANOTHER STORY.
>> WELL, MONICA, IM GOING TO
CHECK YOUR REFERENCES, BUT
BARRING ANYTHING UNFORESEEN,
I THINK THAT WED LOVE TO HAVE
YOU WORKING WITH US.
[THUNDER]
>> DO YOU GUYS KNOW HOW OFTEN
THE BUS STOPS AT THE STATION ON
THE CORNER?
>> YOU DONT HAVE A CAR?
>> ITS BEING SHIPPED FROM
AKRON. I PROMISE ITLL BE HERE
BEFORE I START WORK.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT, THIS IS
SILLY. I MEAN, ITS POURING OUT.
SEAN WILL DRIVE YOU HOME.
>> YEAH. OF COURSE.
>> ARE YOU SURE? I WONT MELT.
>> OH, PLEASE. HE NEVER MISSES
A CHANCE TO TAKE HIS NEW HYBRID
BABY FOR A SPIN.
> > EXCUSE ME.
THE GARAGE IS BACK HERE.
>> SO, HOW ARE YOU DOING,
DR. MCNAMARA?
I DONT MEAN TO PRY, ITS JUST
THAT IVE WORKED WITH A LOT OF
FAMILIES WITH HANDICAPABLE KIDS.
AND ITS ALWAYS THE FATHER WHO
TAKES A BACK SEAT TO EVERYONE.
EVEN THE DOG.
>> WE DONT HAVE A DOG, BUT
THANKS. IM FINE.
>> IM SO EXCITED TO START
WORKING DOWN HERE. YOU KNOW,
IN THE BIG CITY.
>> OH, MIAMIS GREAT. WE GOT
THE BEACH, THE EVERGLADES, LOTS
OF YOUNG PEOPLE. WITH YOUR
PERSONALITY, IM SURE YOULL
MAKE PLENTY OF FRIENDS.
>> YEAH. I WENT TO SOUTH BEACH
WHEN I FIRST GOT HERE, I KNOW
HOW FAR MY PERSONALITY WILL
GET ME. NEXT TO THOSE PERFECT
BODS IN THEIR DENTAL FLOSS
THONGS.
>> DONT SAY THAT. YOURE...
A VERY ATTRACTIVE GIRL.
>> FOR AKRON.
WOULD YOU GIVE ME YOUR HONEST
OPINION ON SOMETHING?
AS A SURGEON?
WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT THIS
BUMP ON MY NOSE? I ALWAYS
THOUGHT IT SORT OF LOOKED LIKE
A PERMANENT ZIT.
>> I WOULDNT CHANGE A THING.
>> HEY, YOU MIND IF I TURN
THIS ON?
>> SURE.
>> UM...
>> HERE. TURN THAT.
THATS UP AND DOWN.
>> OH, WOW. COOL.
OH, YES. I LOVE THIS SONG.
THIS WAS OUR PROM THEME.
>> MINE WAS STAIRWAY TO
HEAVEN. GOD.
MAKES ME FEEL SO OLD.
ANYBODY THAT FEELS THE WAY
I DO ABOUT YOU NOW
>> GOD, I MISS THAT TIME.
NOTHING TO DO BUT CHILL AND
HAVE FUN.
> > NO RESPONSIBILITIES.
ALL THAT ENDS WHEN YOU
HAVE KIDS. FEELING OF FREEDOM.
NOBODY DEMANDING ANYTHING FROM
YOU. THATS WHAT YOUTH IS.
>> YEAH. I GUESS I SHOULD TRY
TO ENJOY IT MORE WHILE I STILL
CAN.
AND I STILL WANT
YOURE MY WONDER WALL
>> WHATS A WONDER WALL?
>> ITS SOMEBODY YOU CAN ALWAYS
LEAN ON. NO MATTER WHAT YOU
NEED. THEYRE THERE FOR YOU.
I DONT BELIEVE THAT ANYBODY
FEELS THE WAY I DO
ABOUT YOU NOW
AND ALL THE WALLS THAT LEAD
YOU DOWN THE LINE CHAIN
AND ALL THE LIGHTS THAT LIGHT
THE WAY ARE BLINDING.
THERE ARE MANY THINGS THAT I
WOULD LIKE TO SAY TO YOU
BUT I DONT KNOW HOW
SO, BABY
YOURE GONNA BE THE ONE THAT
SAVES ME
AND AFTER ALL
YOURE MY WONDER WALL
>> I DONT UNDERSTAND. HOW DOES
AN ELECTRIC CAR RUN OUT OF GAS?
>> ITS NOT A GOLF CART, JULIA.
ITS A HYBRID. ELECTRIC
AND GAS. YOU STILL HAVE TO FILL
UP THE TANK. THE ELECTRIC
ENGINES VERY SENSITIVE, AND
ONCE YOU RUN OUT OF GAS, IT
JUST SHUTS ITSELF DOWN. IM
WAITING FOR TRIPLE A.
>> DID YOU AT LEAST DROP
MONICA OFF FIRST? ITS JUST,
IM SURE SHES GONNA GET OTHER
OFFERS, AND I DONT WANT HER
NOT TO LIKE US JUST CAUSE YOU
MADE HER STAND OUT IN THE RAIN
FOR AN HOUR.
>> NO, SHES FINE. ILL SEE
YOU LATER. I LOVE YOU.
>> I LOVE YOU, TOO. BE CAREFUL.
>> SHE BUY IT?
>> LOOK, UM...MONICA, IM SORRY.
>> NO, IM SORRY, DR. MCNAMARA.
I HAVE TO STOP DOING THIS.
>> YOUVE DONE IT BEFORE?
>> JUST ONCE. WITH A FATHER
I WORKED WITH IN AKRON. THAT
WAS AFTER I WORKED FOR THEM
FOR, LIKE, 2 YEARS, AND HIS WIFE
WAS A TOTAL BITCH.
NOT LIKE YOUR WIFE.
IVE JUST BEEN SO LONELY SINCE
I MOVED HERE. AND I KNOW,
ITS SILLY, BUT I MISS HIM.
AND YOU KIND OF REMIND ME
OF HIM.
>> I DONT THINK IT WOULD BE
APPROPRIATE FOR YOU TO WORK
FOR US, MONICA.
> > I UNDERSTAND.
SCREW YOU, MONICA.
EVERY TIME YOU GET CLOSE TO
SOMETHING PERFECT, YOU HAVE TO
RUIN EVERYTHING.
RANDALL, THE DAD FROM AKRON,
HE USED TO TELL ME I MADE LOVE
LIKE AN UGLY GIRL. GRATEFUL
FOR WHATEVER I COULD GET.
I NEED TO GO. CAN YOU TAKE ME
HOME NOW?
WHATS THE POINT, RIGHT?
LIPSTICK ON A PIG.
THATS WHAT RANDALL USED TO SAY.
>> WHY DONT YOU LET ME DO
SOMETHING FOR YOU.
>> I THOUGHT WE DIDNT HAVE
ANYTHING UNTIL 10 OCLOCK?
>> I THOUGHT YOU WERE MEETING
WITH YOUR TRAINER THIS MORNING.
>> SHE CANCELLED.
FOOD POISONING. WHOS THIS?
>> FAMILY FRIEND. DEVIATED
SEPTUM. POOR GIRL COULD HARDLY
BREATH E.
>> NOBODY TELLS ME ANYTHING.
I THOUGHT WE DIDNT HAVE SURGERY
UNTIL 10:00.
>> JUST A DEVIATED SEPTUM.
NOTHING I CANT HANDLE ON
MY OWN.
>> ISNT THAT MONICA WILDER?
Christian: WHOS MONICA WILDER?
>> SHES THE NIGHT NURSE I
REFERRED TO SEAN AND JULIA.
I DIDNT KNOW SHE HAD A
DEVIATED SEPTUM.
>> SO YOULL GIVE YOUR NIGHT
NURSE A NOSE JOB, BUT YOU WONT
GIVE YOUR PARTNER SOME
LUNCHTIME LIPO?
>> SHES NOT MY NIGHT NURSE.
WE DIDNT HIRE HER.
SHE DIDNT REALLY HAVE ENOUGH
EXPERIENCE.
>> YOU PORKED HER.
>> THIS GIRL CANT BREATHE
DURING ALLERGY SEASON. HER NEEDS
ARE TOTALLY DIFFERENT
FROM YOURS. MALLET.
>> THE ONLY DIFFERENCE IS THAT
YOU DEVIATED YOUR DICK INTO HER,
HYPOCRITE.
>> SHE HAS A DEVIATED SEPTUM.
>> CAN I HELP?
>> YEAH. SURE, SURE.
THANK YOU.
> > NO PROBLEM.
>> I REALLY APPRECIATE ALL OF
THE UPGRADES YOUVE MADE
AROUND HERE.
>> WELL, I REALLY APPRECIATE
APPRECIATIVE EMPLOYEES.
>> ITS SO NICE TO HAVE A WOMAN
IN CHARGE.
>> WELL, THE BOYS NEED TO KNOW
THAT WE CAN DO A LOT MORE THAN
ANSWER PHONES AND MAKE A GOOD
CUP OF COFFEE.
>> THANK YOU.
MICHELLE?
>> MM-HMM.
>> I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT I WAS IN THE SAME BOAT AS
YOU WHEN I GOT MY MEMO.
I WAS MARRIED, BUT I WAS LIVING
WITH A GUY WHEN I CAME OUT.
>> CAME OUT? WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
>> WELL, I SAW YOU IN THE
PARKING LOT.
WITH YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
>> SHES JUST A FRIEND.
>> SHE WAS FONDLING
YOUR BREASTS.
I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT IF YOU EVER...WANT TO TALK,
THAT IM HERE FOR YOU.
>> HEY.
>> PAID OVER A THOUSAND DOLLARS
FOR THIS THING, AND THESE
INSTRUCTIONS DONT MAKE ANY
SENSE!
>> I THINK SOMEONE HAS THE NEW
DADDY NERVES.
>> ITS JUST WITH HIM COMING
AND SELLING THE BUSINESS, ITS
A LOT OF CHANGE ALL AT ONCE.
[EXHALES] DONT WORRY. I CAN
HANDLE IT.
>> HMM. WELL, CAN YOU HANDLE
A LITTLE MORE?
I JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE WITH
MONICA WILDER.
>> WHAT DID SHE SAY?
>> SHES PASSING ON THE JOB.
> > WHY?
>> SHES MOVING BACK TO AKRON.
SHE SAID SHE FOUND EVERYONE IN
MIAMI TOO IMAGE CONSCIOUS.
>> HEY, RELAX. WELL FIND
SOMEONE ELSE.
ARE YOU OK?
HONEY, IS THERE SOMETHING YOU
WANT TO TALK TO ME ABOUT?
> > NO, WHY?
>> ITS JUST THAT YOURE MY
HUSBAND, AND I KNOW THAT WHEN
YOU GET UPSET, YOU KNOW, YOU
GET EFFECTIVE. YOU MANAGE THE
STUFF TO MANAGE YOUR ANXIETY.
THIS BABY IS COMING HOME TO
TWO PEOPLE WHO LOVE EACH OTHER.
THATS ALL HES GONNA NEED.
>> DR. ALLAN SAID WE SHOULD
START HAVING SEX.
IT IN DUCES LABOR.
>> MAYBE WE SHOULD WAIT.
TILL WE FIND ANOTHER NANNY AND
THE NURSERYS FINISHED.
>> YEAH. YOURE PROBABLY RIGHT.
HAVE HER SUGGEST A FEW MORE
CANDIDATES.
>> OK.
>> ILL HOLD THIS. YOU NEED
THE SCREW.
>> I KNOW, IM TRYING TO SCREW
IT IN THERE.
>> 2 GASTRIC BYPASSES,
3 SURGERIES TO REMOVE EXCESS
SKIN, AND NOW A PANNIS REMOVAL.
MAYBE HE SHOULDVE JUST LAID
OFF THE GUACAMOLE.
>> ITS NOT THAT EASY, LIZ.
WITH THE AMOUNT OF HIGH CALORIE
CHOICES AVAILABLE TO CONSUMERS
THESE DAYS, AND THE ENORMOUS
PORTIONS RESTAURANTS SHOVE
IN YOUR FACE. SURGERY IS SOME
PEOPLES ONLY OPTION.
>> OH, STANDING PROUD WITH YOUR
FAT-TERNITY BROTHER, CHRISTIAN?
YOU KNOW, YOU CANT HIDE BEHIND
THOSE SLIMMING SCRUBS ANYMORE,
SUPER CHUB. I SAW THE TAPE.
>> I DONT THINK ITS
APPROPRIATE TO DISCUSS YOUR NEW
JERK OFF MATERIAL OVER SURGERY.
>> OH, I DIDNT MASTURBATE TO
YOUR SEX TAPE, CHRISTIAN.
I AM NOT A CHUBBY CHASER.
>> CAN YOU EVEN FIND YOUR
WHEATY GOOCH UNDER THAT MASSIVE
GAUNT OF YOURS?
>> LISTEN--
>> MICHELLE, WILL YOU STOP
CONTAMINATING THIS STERILE
ENVIRONMENT.
>> THIS WILL ONLY TAKE A MINUTE.
I WONT TOLERATE SEXUAL
HARASSMENT IN MY OFFICE.
>> FINALLY.
>> LIZ, YOURE FIRED.
>> YOU CANT FIRE LIZ, MICHELLE.
>> THIS IS MY PRACTICE, SEAN.
I WONT STAND FOR AN EMPLOYEE
FEELING PRESSURED SEXUALLY,
AND THAT INCLUDES ME.
>> SINCE WHEN IS OFFERING A
KIND EAR TO A CO-WORKER
CONSIDERED SEXUAL HARASSMENT?
>> YOU TURNED AN INNOCENT
ENCOUNTER I HAD WITH AN OLD
TRYST. I WONT WORK IN AN
ENVIRONMENT WHERE I HAVE TO
WORRY THAT EVERY CONTACT I HAVE
WITH A WOMAN ENCOURAGES YOUR
SEXUAL FANTASIES.
>> I AM SORRY IF I OFFENDED YOU,
AND MAYBE I WENT TOO FAR, BUT
I KNOW WHAT I SAW.
>> YOU SAW WHAT YOU WANTED
TO SEE.
>> WHAT IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO MEAN?
>> IT MEANS THAT NOT EVERYONE
IS GAY, LIZ.
>> YOU CAN SING WHATEVER SONG
YOU WANT TO IN FRONT OF THEM,
BUT I WILL NOT LET YOUR GAY
SHAME COST ME MY JOB.
YOU KNOW, I THOUGHT HAVING A
WOMAN RUN THIS PLACE WAS GONNA
MAKE A BIG DIFFERENCE, BUT WITH
YOU, ITS ALL ESPRESSO MACHINES
AND FRESH CARPETING, MICHELLE.
I AM STILL WORKING FOR A DICK!
>> THATS ENOUGH, LIZ. LET US
HANDLE THIS, ALL RIGHT?
>> I AM NOT TOO PROUD TO
LITIGATE.
>> WHYD YOU DO THAT, SEAN, I
WAS HOPING FOR A GOOD, OLD
FASHIONED CAT FIGHT.
>> THIS IS SERIOUS, CHRISTIAN.
>> HEY, IM WITH MICHELLE.
FIRE THE BITCH. SHES A MAN
HATER.
>> MICHELLE, YOURE TAKING A
TRIVIAL MISUNDERSTANDING AND
TWISTING IT INTO A SUBSTANTIAL
SITUATION.
>> HOW WOULD YOU FEEL IF I
STARTED GOING AROUND SPREADING
RUMORS ABOUT YOU AND CHRISTIAN
BEING LOVERS?
>> THATS ENTIRELY DIFFERENT.
LIZ ISNT INVENTING
WHAT SHE SAW.
>> AND YOURE SAYING YOU
BELIEVE HER.
>> LOOK, IT DOESNT MATTER WHAT
I BELIEVE. WE ALL HAVE LIVES
OUTSIDE OF THE OFFICE.
>> YOURE PROVING MY POINT.
ONCE ACCUSATIONS START TO FLY,
IT DOESNT MATTER IF THEYRE
TRUE OR NOT. HER LIE IS A THREAT
TO MY AUTHORITY AND MY MARRIAGE.
>> MICHELLE, YOUVE EARNED THE
STAFFS RESPECT. THEY LOVE YOU.
BUT THEY LOVE LIZ MORE. IF YOU
FIRE HER, YOULL LOSE THEM.
>> SHES ON PROBATION.
ONE MORE STRIKE, AND SHES OUT.
>> GREAT. IVE GOT TO GET TO
MY TRAINING SESSION. CANDY
MAKES ME DO AN EXTRA COUPLE OF
LUNGES FOR EVERY MINUTE IM
LATE.
>> THIS LIPO IS FANTASTIC.
ITS 215T CENTURY BULIMIA.
AND ITS 40 PERCENT OF MY
WEDNESDAY SCHEDULE. PEOPLE EAT
BIG MACS ALL WEEK, THEN COME
IN HERE TO HAVE THEM SUCKED OFF
THEIR HIPS IN TIME FOR THE
WEEKEND.
>> WELL, WE CANT ALL HAVE
YOUR GENES.
>> YOU DONT WANT MY GENES,
CHRISTIAN. IN SAO PAOLO, THEY
CALL MY FAMILY
[SPEAKING PORTUGUESE].
THATS PORTUGUESE FOR
THE FATTEST.
CANT EVEN VISIT THERE ANY MORE
WITH THE POUNDS OF PORK THEY
SHOVEL INTO THEMSELVES. ITS
LIKE VISITING A STABLE.
>> LIGHTEN UP, BIG BUDDY.
ITS NOT A CURSE.
>> OH, BUT THEY ARE. THEYRE
SLOWLY MURDERING THEMSELVES.
BEING FAT DOESNT
HANDICAP YOUR BRAIN, CHRISTIAN.
ITS A LIFESTYLE CHOICE.
>> YOU WANT TO GIVE ME AN
8-PACK? TILT THAT UP 45 DEGREES.
I WANT THEM TO RUN DEEP.
>> I DO HAVE A FERRARI DIABLO.
WANT TO KNOW WHY? NOWHERE FOR
THE BACK SEAT DRIVER TO SIT.
>> OH-HO, YOU KEEP JOKING,
JUNIOR. 10 YEARS FROM NOW,
YOULL BE LYING ON MY TABLE,
ILL BE STICKING THAT THING
INTO YOU. TIME IS A BITCH.
>> SO HOW COME YOUR PARTNER
ISNT DOING THIS FOR YOU?
I HEAR HES A HELL OF A SURGEON.
>> OH, WE DONT HAVE TIME FOR
ANY IN-HOUSE FREEBIES. BESIDES,
SEANS GOT A LOT ON HIS PLATE.
HIS WIFES ABOUT TO HAVE A BABY.
>> I UNDERSTAND IF I MAKE YOU
UNCOMFORTABLE. MOST COUPLES
HAVE A HARD TIME WITH A MALE
NURSE.
>> THAT WAS A JOKE.
>> OH.
>> I ACTUALLY ASKED NURSE LINDA
TO REFER A COUPLE OF MALE
CANDIDATES. THOUGHT IT WOULD
BE NICE TO HAVE A MASCULINE
INFLUENCE AROUND THE HOUSE
WHILE IM AT WORK.
>> THATS VERY FORWARD THINKING
OF YOU, DR. MCNAMARA. MOST MEN
GET A LITTLE TERRITORIAL ABOUT
HAVING ANOTHER MAN IN THEIR
HOME.
>> I SEE YOU HAVE A DEGREE IN
ART RESTORATION. THATS VERY
UNUSUAL FOR A NURSE.
>> YEAH, WELL, IF I WAS HALF
AS GOOD A PAINTER AS I AM A
NURSE, THAT DEGREE MIGHT BE
WORTH SOMETHING. I STILL PAINT.
JUST MORE LIKE A HOBBY.
>> AND HAVE YOU WORKED WITH
HANDICAPABLE CHILDREN BEFORE?
>> OOH...HANDICAPABLE.
THATS LIKE CALLING ME HEIGHT
CHALLENGED. THE WORST THING
YOU CAN DO FOR YOUR SON IS
TIPTOE AROUND HIS CONDITION.
I SPEAK FROM PERSONAL
EXPERIENCE.
>> LUCKILY, IT LOOKS LIKE WERE
GOING TO BE ABLE TO RECONSTRUCT
HIS HANDS WITH A SERIES OF
SURGERIES.
>> CAN I ASK WHY YOUVE
DECIDED TO OPERATE BEFORE YOUVE
EVEN MET HIM?
>> WE FEEL ITS HIS BEST CHANCE
TO LIVE A NORMAL LIFE.
>> OK, BUT, DONT YOU THINK
ITS IMPORTANT TO HOLD HIS HAND
BEFORE YOU CHANGE IT?
>> WELL, THANK YOU FOR COMING
BY, MR. SAWYER.
WELL LET YOU KNOW.
>> DO ME A FAVOR, JULIA.
NATIVE AMERICANS BELIEVE THAT
IF YOU LOOK A CHILD IN ITS EYES
THE MOMENT Al-TER ITS BORN, YOU
CAN SEE ITS SOUL. WHEN THEY HAND
YOUR SON TO YOU, CAN YOU DO THAT
FOR ME?
>> SORRY ABOUT THAT, JULIA.
I HAD NO IDEA.
>> OH...
>> ITLL BE ALL RIGHT.
WELL FIND SOMEONE.
>> WE BETTER DO IT SOON.
MY WATER JUST BROKE.
>> CHRISTIAN, WHERE ARE YOU?
I PAGED YOU 9 TIMES.
THE BABYS BREECHED. WERE
GOING TO HAVE TO DO AN
EMERGENCY CESAREAN.
>> WERE GOING TO START,
DOCTOR.
> > GET HERE.
>> IS OUR BABY OK?
>> ABSOLUTELY. LATE TERM
BREECHES OCCUR ABOUT 4 PERCENT
OF THE TIME. HELL BE OUT
IN 3 MINUTES.
> > 10 BLADE.
>> MAKE SURE YOURE ON THE
PUBIC CREASE. OTHERWISE, SHELL
NEVER BE ABLE TO WEAR A BIKINI
>> IVE DONE A FEW OF THESE
BEFORE, DOCTOR.
>> SHES DOING GREAT.
>> OH...
>> ITS OK.
OK.
>> OK. ALMOST.
>> HES OUT.
[BABY CRIES]
>> HEY...
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK, HONEY?
DOES HE LOOK LIKE A CONOR?
>> HE LOOKS LIKE YOU, DAD.
>> WHAT IS SHE DOING?
>> DIAPER CHECK.
>> LET ME GO.
>> NO, ILL GO.
SHELL GET USED TO IT.
>> HI, MR. SAWYER. ITS JULIA
MCNAMARA CALLING. YES, I HAD
THE BABY, AND WERE FINE,
THANK YOU. UH, LOOK, I WAS
WONDERING IF YOUD STILL BE
INTERESTED IN WORKING FOR US.
[HOSPITAL P.A. PAGES DOCTOR]
>> DOES HE HAVE A NAME?
>> CONOR.
>> HE SURE IS BEAUTIFUL.
LOOK, IM SORRY, BUT IT WAS JUST
HIS BIRTH. NOBODY REMEMBERS IT.
CALL ME WHEN THE KID NEEDS
STITCHES OR NEEDS TO LEARN HOW
TO TIE A WINSOR KNOT.
>> HE DIDNT NEED YOU, I DID.
> > I KNOW.
IM SORRY.
ILL MAKE IT UP TO YOU.
>> WHATS WRONG WITH YOU?
>> LIPO.
>> HOW ARE HIS HANDS?
[CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--]